[Autogenerated] in this clip will look at the lock screen.
The Windows lock screen fulfills an important function.
When your device has been secured or locked.
It will require some means of authentication to access your device again.
Now this is enabled by default,
and I recommend against disabling this unless you have a unique situation.
No,
the last green can present a static image or can actually display a slide show.
And we'll talk more about that in a moment.
The lock screen Kam present you with some good
information to have at your fingertips.
Here you can see the time, the date I can see.
I have e mails and I can see I'm connected to a network.
Selecting or swiping the lock screen will reveal my sign in screen.
After signing in, I could go look at my settings,
which control how my lack screen will behave and how it will appear.
The quickest way to get to my lack screen settings is
simply to type in lock in my search box,
and here you can see lock screen settings.
This opens up the settings app to the personalization section under lock screen.
You can see I can choose the overall appearance of my lock screen and down here,
I can control which of the apse will present
information by means of my lock screen.
Here you can see I have my calendar.
I have email, and I also have the alarms and clock out.
No wonder screen time out settings you actually was sitting there,
let you determine how long the lack screen will appear
before the screen goes dark or shuts off.
They're returning to the personalization section and lacks screen.
You can see the overall appearance is determined by
this drop down under background now.
Currently, it's using just a specific image.
A picture.
I can also select a slide show and some devices.
You'll see Windows Spotlight,
which is a feature that Microsoft has made available that will actually push
out unique images kind of random images as time goes on,
and you indicate that you like some of the images that appear,
you'll see this start to personalize,
and you'll see similar images based on your feedback.
When the spotlight is a service and it's designed
new highlighter feature new APS,
maybe help you discover things that are in the store
can also present you with tips.
It can even help you to see AP Security have on your
device that maybe you've never used.
Now Microsoft has included some attractive images you
can use for your black screen here, but you can choose your own.
Maybe you have some family pictures or a pet that you want up here.
You just use the brow is to select the picture that you
want to have on your lock screen.
Now, if you'd like your lock screen to present a slide show,
just select slideshow.
You'll see your choices.
Alter a bit and by default, the Pictures folder is included in your slide show.
No, my case.
I don't want to just have all my pictures randomly show
without any organization or thought.
It's what you can do is you can have a folder that you set
up ahead of time with specific pictures.
You'd like to be in your slide show select add a folder and then
simply pointed to the full that he'd like to add.
It's like Choose this folder,
and now I have two folders that are listed or albums
that are listed for my slide show.
In this case, I'm going to select pictures and then remove it.
Now, when my device goes toe lack screen,
I'll see a slide show using the specific images I've selected for my slide show.
No one last thing to be aware of.
If you do select slide show and you look at screen time out settings,
the screen will never actually go dark.
The slide show will continue playing into you,
unlock your device or actually power it down in this clip.
We've looked at the lock screen thing for watching head look forward is he knew in the next clip.